No wonder they call him the big eater
This guy is so edible
The better the dancers, the bigger the appetite.
This is to fill the consumption of martial arts practice
You can see from this
The big eater has extraordinary potential
14 to test his inner strength
I'd like to see it
What level of dancer is he?
What is this bad
14 What happened?
No, the big eater, he's a waste
What do you mean?
The big stomach king meridians are broken
Dantian broken
qi and blood exhaustion
He has no way to cultivate martial arts at all
And not only that.
He also has an inner diameter in his body
Destroying his meridians
How could this be?
Is it Gu Haoran's means?
No, it's been a while since the rescue
That period of internal scripture is Gu Haoran's means
Dantian Shattered A Waste
He actually defeated the tranquility martial artist head-on
He even fought Gu Haoran back and forth
The uterus is dantian sound
unobstructed meridians
The previous one refused to limit
The problem is that he can't practice now
All martial arts practitioners are cut off
How to Carry Miss Your Taboo
It's a bit troublesome
But there is no way
His injuries are not incurable
The broken meridians are a terminal illness recognized by the martial arts world
Miss, someone can cure you
Nice
I happen to know someone who has this ability
And it has quite a relationship with my Chu family
Ask him to do it
It will definitely cure the big eater
Dare to ask who the lady is
Yiren kills as many people
Never do business at a loss
I only hope for life and death, Jin Ji Huang Qing Tian Yin Cao and two concubines
He is the former Yiyi who killed the artist
A famous murderer doctor by will